>> REGINA MEREDITH: It's been
a great frustration in myself
and many others that the
history of ancient Egypt appears
to have been obscured,
misdirecting us to believe that
virtual savages built some of
the world's most sophisticated
structures.
The good news is
that the information
is pouring in now
from all quarters
as to the real nature of the
Egyptian cultures of the past
and the vast body of esoteric
understanding they possessed.
Carmen Boulter is
one of the new wisdom
keepers of the
ancient Egyptian ways.
Her documentary series
"The Pyramid Code"
puts many of the
myths about ancients
to rest while bringing
the fullness of what
once was to light.
Absolutely beautiful
and welcome.
I really-- I'm so
happy to meet you.
In fact, I met you
probably four years ago now
when you were starting to
put this documentary series
together at the CPAC Conference.
>> CARMEN BOULTER: That's right.
>> REGINA: And we talked about
once it's all done you have
to come here.
Well, here you are.
>> BOULTER: Thanks
for having me.
>> REGINA: And what I
wanted to do, Carmen,
I just alluded to this, is
let's do some myth-busting.
Let's talk about some of the
most commonly perpetuated myths
that no longer hold in
light of the new sciences
about Egyptology.
And I'm going to let you
just take it on that.
>> BOULTER: Well, most
people learn in school that
the pyramids were
built by slaves.
But of course, we don't have the
technology to take them down,
so certainly it would
take engineers and really
high-level scientists,
so they couldn't possibly
have been built by slaves.
We're told that they were built
for the ego of pharaohs, which
also isn't the way the
matriarchal culture worked.
And we're told that
they were tombs,
and they've never found a mummy
in a straight-sided pyramid,
and that doesn't deter them.
We're told they
worshiped animals,
but really they understood
archetypal energies and animal
totems the way native
Indian tradition does.
And we were told
they were infantile
in their depictions of
things, because we're
looking through
patriarch lenses.
And so we haven't known
what we were looking at.
In the years before
quantum physics,
we couldn't possibly understand
the level of cosmology
that the ancient
Egyptians understood.
So they were basically focused
on two things: biology, which
is how we got
here, and then what
happens when we depart
this physical existence.
>> REGINA: And cosmology, right?
>> BOULTER: And
that's cosmology.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> BOULTER: That's cosmology.
And so they were
highly sophisticated,
and we're just catching on.
>> REGINA: We're barely
coming to what they knew.
And we're going to talk about
a little later in the program,
even down to the glandular
nature of our own systems
and how it works with
consciousness and the senses,
which I can't wait
to get to that part.
That's pretty mind-blowing,
looking into the past.
One of the things I
wanted to ask you about
is that as this new
knowledge is coming up--
we had a private conversation
beforehand, and both of us
kept using the word remembrance.
And so can you talk
about your experience
of that and working on
this project, not only just
your own but other
people, in terms
of bringing this
information forward,
where that's
actually coming from?
>> BOULTER: Well, I think
that research starts with
a hypothesis.
But the hypothesis
can come from a hunch
that comes from anywhere.
And so, for me, I had very early
past life recall about Egypt.
And at first, I could see the
costumes and the headdresses
and whatnot, but I
didn't know where it was.
So I had to go and
look at various books
to realize it was
Egypt, and then I
tried to find out
where Egypt was.
I was just a little girl.
And so what's really driven my
quest is my past life memory.
And so I know I've had more
than one incarnation there
in various time frames.
And so when people would say
things or I'd hear tour guides,
my whole being would say, no,
no, that's not what happened.
What do you mean?
And I'd start to feel sick, like
I was almost going to pass out.
And I'm thinking, well, why
does this even concern me?
But then when I would
stumble upon something
that was more of what's
in "The Pyramid Code,"
I would feel so
fresh and so happy
and feel like the
lights all went on.
And so I started to
really be able to discern
that if something made me
feel contracted and closed,
it probably wasn't true.
So this has been a very,
very long quest, 50 years.
>> REGINA: 50 years.
And you went on to go into
areas of research that really
are assisting you in
what you're doing today,
coming even more from
the world of academia.
But nonetheless,
as you say, that
couldn't have
happened had you not
had the overlay of this
experience of your own.
And I would have to think
that many of the people
you've interviewed-- and I've
interviewed many of the people
as well-- have had this
exact same experience.
They would not be spending
their entire life in this study
if it weren't for the fact
that there was something much
deeper that was inspiring
them from often an early age,
like yourself.
Did you find that?
>> BOULTER: Absolutely.
Sure.
>> REGINA: So this is our
collective remembrance
that's actually coming forward,
which is going in the face
of a lot of academia.
And why is it that Egypt itself
and a few key players are
trying so hard to hold
onto this old story?
>> BOULTER: Well, I think
that's what's really going
on everywhere is that there
seems to be propaganda.
There seems to be a story that
takes us away from the idea
that we can be empowered.
And so patriarchy's
about power over.
It's not about
personal empowerment.
And once the dynasties started
in Egypt, it was patriarchal.
So predynastic Egypt was
actually matriarchal.
So I think it's very threatening
to the powers that be, were,
pretend, the powers
that are actually
leaving to think that we
don't need to sell our soul.
We don't need to
pay for salvation.
We actually have
God/Goddess within us,
and that we need to
be empowered and help
each other be empowered.
Well, on that
simple principle, it
would change the
world we live in.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
Yes.
So basically it's
the same reason
why information
is being withheld
in many other quarters,
not just alternative
history, and medicine and
many other things as well.
OK, so-- Now we've
talked about what it is.
We have these
people remembering.
We have people inspired
to take on really just
incredible research.
You know Christopher
Dunn, and Christopher Dunn
is one person, for example, that
is looking at these incredibly
exquisitely carved
features on some
of the sculptures in Egypt.
And he is saying what you
found in the documentary
and your research as well.
This is machined work,
sophisticated machinery.
Can you talk a
little bit about some
of the technology
you stumbled across
when you were doing this?
>> BOULTER: Well, the beauty of
a Christopher Dunn is that he
doesn't have an agenda,
and he's an engineer.
>> REGINA: That's right.
And so he's not
trying to weave it
into spirituality or
ancient history or anything.
He's looking at
machine toolmarks.
corners and edges
and using a flat metal
ruler, if you will,
and shining light
underneath and seeing
that these structures are
absolutely perfect, more
perfect than we can do now.
And so there's so much, if
you're looking with that eye.
There's stones in
the Valley Temple
that have 11 different
angles on them.
>> REGINA: 11.
>> BOULTER: Yeah.
And it's mind-boggling.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> BOULTER: And concave stones
that are carved and many,
many different things
from all around.
And so it's clear that they
had high-level technology,
but it was a different
level of technology.
We expect, because we
have static electricity
and the kinds of
machines that we have,
that they would have
used the same ones.
But then let's say
there's something
that was drilled with
a diamond drill bit.
There are people who
say, where's the bit?
Well, maybe we've had
three world floods,
two world floods since then.
And if we dropped a
diamond drill bit now,
we may not even be able to
find it in the sand 10 minutes
after.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> BOULTER: And so these
kinds of things will prove it.
But if you see
evidence of something
being carved with
this or drilled,
then it couldn't have been done
in hard basalt with chisels.
And so they actually have two
chisels in the National Museum
in Egypt, and they're rusty, and
they've got them in the cases.
And they're basically showing
these sophisticated basalt
statues that are extremely
hard, and they say, yep,
that's how they built them.
They built them with
those chisels over there.
But of course,
that's impossible.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Right.
Well, so we have
another issue, and that
is subtle energies
versus gross energies.
As you said, we use a lot of
electrostatic electricity.
We have AC/DC and so forth now.
But in those times, there is
evidence that they were also--
and this is part of
Christopher Dunn's work
as well-- that these pyramids,
and one in particular,
the Great Pyramid, may have
been used more as a power plant.
And yet, people say,
well, how could that be?
They can't see any
wiring and the like.
Can you talk about the nature
of the pyramidal structure that
starts drawing on these subtle
energies and creating power?
>> BOULTER: Well, first of all,
most of the pyramids are built
on limestone aquifers.
And Nikola Tesla was doing
this in the early 1900s, where
he built the Tesla Tower.
And sure enough,
underneath was a system
of passageways at
45-degree angles
that connected with
water underneath that
went through these
limestone aquifers.
So underneath the
Giza Plateau-- I've
been extremely curious my
whole career about this--
there's a network of
passageways, some which
are artificial and some which
are natural, in the limestone.
The artificial ones are
in honeycomb patterns.
And so the water
from the Nile, which
used to run right at
the foot of The Sphinx,
and we see evidence--
>> REGINA: Now that's a
good point to bring up.
What we see today
is these structures
look like they're
miles and miles inland.
That was not the case then.
>> BOULTER: Well, sure.
And if you look at geological
time, how long would
it take a river to
move eight miles?
Because now the
Nile is eight miles
from the nose of The Sphinx.
However, we have the
water table percolating up
at the foot of The Sphinx,
and that's not new drilling.
That's the water
table from before.
And so we know that the
Nile would flood every year,
and so there were various times
of year when it was actually
used as a power point.
And then when the
Nile would recede,
then it was used for
different purposes.
So the Great Pyramid
didn't have one purpose.
It's multidimensional,
multipurpose,
multidisciplinary, and through
an extended period of time.
So when the water was going
through these passageways,
the passageways were
made of granite,
which excludes radon gas,
which is slightly radioactive,
but it also has a
crystalline structure.
And so we know that if you keep
running water through angles,
it builds a charge.
It builds a charge
with the crystals
and with the radon gas.
>> REGINA: And I noticed on your
documentary this zigzag pattern
through these angles.
>> BOULTER: But we see that
in Viktor Schauberger's work,
where the water's being poured
and poured and poured between
different things.
But the point is the
transmutation of the atom.
And so if water is hydrogen and
oxygen molecules put together,
there was something about
being able to blow that apart.
And so Christopher Dunn
himself will tell you
about these large
capacitors-- which
is a word that we
use in microwaves.
It's one of the components
of a microwave-- that
were in the Grand Gallery.
And so the water kept on
passing and building a charge
until the water molecule
actually blew apart.
And they would harness
the hydrogen, which
is subtle energy, which can
be contained and used again,
but it's implosion power
instead of explosion power.
And so what we tend to
do is blow things up
and have a lot of pollution
that goes with it.
And so this was free energy.
That's the other thing
that's threatening.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Free energy.
>> BOULTER: No utility bills.
>> REGINA: And Hawass will not
allow any teams of scientists,
from my understanding, to go to
the top of the pyramid and even
measure the energetic
outputs coming out the top.
That's what I heard.
>> BOULTER: And now Zahi's gone.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> BOULTER: They
have a new regime.
There's a new Minister
of Antiquities,
and my team is talking to him.
And so it could be that we get
some advantages to do that.
But I've been able to run a
study in the Great Pyramid
and bring instrumentation,
very sensitive instrumentation,
in that was invented by Dr.
Konstantin Korotkov, who's
been on your show.
And this is
electrophotonic imaging,
and it's also called Gaseous
Discharge Visualization, which
is GDV/EPI, if you wanted
to look it up online.
And what it's doing
is it's measuring
the photonic emissions
from the human body.
So he has found a way to
measure consciousness fields.
And I was using it to look
at the effect of the pyramid
on the human aura and
the chakra system,
which is connected to
the glandular system,
as you mentioned.
And so I ran a sophisticated
quantitative empirical study
with a large enough group
to do statistical analysis,
and so we measured
people before,
inside the pyramid after being
in the sarcophagus for two
minutes, and then in
a post-test after.
And I got some remarkable,
remarkable findings
of how the process works.
>> REGINA: So in essence, what
was it doing to the people that
were inside that?
>> BOULTER: Well, what's--
we talked about 360-- well,
"The Pyramid Code" talks about
360 senses, and we are using 5.
And in my experience going in
the Great Pyramid since 1977,
is that I would
become more psychic.
Sometimes it would take a while
to digest the information.
I'm not saying that you
go in the Great Pyramid
and suddenly you
know everything.
But there's something
about making connections,
and we call it synesthesia in
psychological studies, where
someone can hear a picture, see
music, smell the flowers when
they're watching TV.
And so it's
cross-sensory perception.
So syn is the cross, and
esthesia is the senses.
And so when Hakim talked
about the 360 senses,
I started to imagine,
well, how would I
make an animation that
would portray that?
So I took a priestess
with her chakras,
and I stood her inside a sphere.
But what I imagined was that
the 360 senses is full spectrum,
but it's also the points
where the sphere joins.
And so it was
almost like handles,
handles between chakras where
one thing would inform another.
So your intuition connects
with your gut reaction,
which connects with your--
>> REGINA: So it must have a
synergistic effect once they
start flowing--
>> BOULTER: A
synergistic effect.
>> REGINA: --into one another.
Yes.
>> BOULTER: Now when I looked
at the raw data after--
now going in the sarcophagus,
when people come out they
barely can stand up.
They're completely disoriented.
So there's something
about the way
that the pyramid was used
that was assisting initiates
to depart from this
physical dense reality
and to experience what it
meant to leave the physical.
Because what they wanted
to do was be conscious.
They had no word for death.
And so they were
practicing moving
between dimensional energies.
This was what they did.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> BOULTER: We've lost the
vocabulary and the scaffolding
to even understand this.
But let's just say that
lying in the sarcophagus
is disorienting, because it's
almost like the chakras start
to split apart, and
it's almost like a way
that people can
start to drift away
from the third dimensional grip.
>> REGINA: You're
talking about geometry,
mathematical proportion.
>> BOULTER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: You're talking about
the substance of the stone
itself--
>> BOULTER: That's right.
>> REGINA: --many things
that were really meticulously
created for that purpose.
>> BOULTER: That's right.
Now what was
happening, though, when
they were inside the
pyramid and we measured
the photonic emissions
coming off their fingertips,
and then there's
a logarithm that
shows how it's affecting
their energy field,
the overall area of their energy
field, and the strength of it,
but the energetic values of the
chakras, so the size of them,
but the alignment.
And so one way that a person
can go out of alignment
is toward narcissism.
They become totally
possessed with themselves.
The other way is to be so
concerned with other people
that you lose your own center.
And so there's something about
the splitting of the chakras
and the alignment of
the chakras that I
found particularly significant.
But the whole thing didn't come
together until the post-test.
So when people had a
chance to integrate--
>> REGINA: So Korotkov's device
was measuring them before.
>> BOULTER: Yes.
>> REGINA: Did it
measure them during?
>> BOULTER: Well, they
were two minutes inside
the sarcophagus--
>> REGINA: Right.
And then?
>> BOULTER: Immediately after.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> BOULTER: Immediately
after the sarcophagus,
but then the next
day at the hotel.
And so it was really
interesting to look at the data.
But when I did the
statistical analysis, which
was looking for correlations,
what we look for
is a strong statistical
significance,
which means there's less
than a chance in 1,000
that it happened by accident.
A mild significance
would be less
than a chance of 5%, 5 in 100
that it happened by accident.
And so what was
happening is it started
to entrain all the chakras.
And then the energetic
field, the human aura
was firing off the heart.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
The heart, yes.
>> BOULTER: And you can see
these pictures on my website
under Photos--
>> REGINA: Yes, they're
beautiful photos, yes.
>> BOULTER: --of
the actual response.
So I'm going back
in a month, a month
today, with a large group of 75
people-- and there may be more
by the time we get
there-- and we're
going to run the
same study again.
But this time, I'm going
to do a delayed post-test.
But I'm also going to be
able to measure people
who are in the pyramid but
don't go in the sarcophagus
or someone who's doing the tests
and they're outside the pyramid
to try to get some kind of
a correlation between-- try
to get a deeper sense
of how it's happening,
what's happening.
Does the time frame
work differently?
Does the time of year
>> REGINA: I bet you have a lot
of people watching right now
thinking, ooh, I want to go.
I want to go.
>> BOULTER: Well, and
I was even on Facebook,
and I was talking about
the results of the study.
And I said, if anybody
was interested,
I could send them the paper,
and I got quite a few people--
>> REGINA: Oh, I bet you did.
>> BOULTER: --asking for that.
>> REGINA: What's interesting
about that, too, is,
historically, we have to
remember that these structures
were built only for very,
very high-level initiates,
which included the pharaohs.
This was not just
a matter of blood.
They were high-level
initiates oftentimes.
And this whole notion
of the sarcophagus
and what was passed
down historically
in terms of the rituals
has been-- they've
tried to replicate
it, and it just
doesn't work the same,
down through many
of the mystic orders, even
down into Freemasonry and such.
But it doesn't work the same.
>> BOULTER: Well, one of
the comments that was made
by the trainers in Russia--
and so I had all these Skype
sessions, and everything
was spoken in English
and everything was
spoken in Russian--
the main trainers said, well,
people don't know how to deal
with that kind of
energy nowadays.
And I thought, yeah, they don't.
>> REGINA: They don't.
>> BOULTER: They don't even
know to be quiet in the Great
Pyramid, because every step
becomes thunderous in there
because it's a
resonance chamber,
and people want to talk and open
and close zippers and all that
and take my picture in here.
And it's just like no, no, no.
This isn't supposed to
be about little you.
But in all the
temples, the lower self
would surrender
to the higher self
in order to walk
through the temple.
And so the populace could go
into the first hypostyle hall.
But the higher-level
initiates would go back
to the Holy of Holies, which
represents the pineal gland.
And so the actual
shape and structure
of the pyramids and the
temples are representing
the human cavities in the
body, and there was something
about really training ourselves.
And so we've lost that.
And that's part of
being dumbed down.
>> REGINA: And you can't do
rituals to make up for that.
I'm saying that the mystic
orders, the ones that
consider them--
Freemasons and so forth,
that do these to get to high
levels of initiation within,
it's not the same thing.
They're missing the
energetic components of it
in this process of the
rituals they go through.
>> BOULTER: But the reason
is because, I think,
in the processional cycle,
as Walter Cruttenden has been
talking about in the Conference
on Procession and Ancient
Knowledge, is the idea
that we are in the densest,
darkest space right now.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> BOULTER: And
there's many cycles.
The Mayan cycle's
coming to an end.
And interestingly, the beginning
of the first dynasty in Egypt
coincided with the beginning
of the Mayan calendar.
And so we're looking at 5,000
years of Egyptian history
locked within the dynasties,
but there's many tens
of thousands of years
of Egyptian history.
>> REGINA: Oh, yes.
Just looking at the age
of the pyramids alone--
>> BOULTER: Right.
>> REGINA: --that's being
altered dramatically.
>> BOULTER: It is.
>> REGINA: It went from
5,000 then to, with Robert
Schoch's work, kind of
inched up toward 12,000.
And talk about what
you know of now,
in terms of what the latest
speculation is as to the age.
>> BOULTER: Well, if you think
about the Golden Age being
13,000 years ago and the flood
that happened with Atlantis,
why were the pyramids built?
And would we really be able
to go into such a high level
construction effort when
there's a world flood?
It just doesn't make sense.
It would have to have been
built in a golden age,
or else we wouldn't have
had the energetic fields
to be able to do it.
And so that lends itself to
another whole processional
cycle, and so it
could be 39,000 years.
Hakim used to say 52,000 years.
>> REGINA: And even John
Anthony West would say 39,000.
>> BOULTER: Right.
>> REGINA: Right.
But Hakim is holding
that knowledge
as a shaman of that culture.
>> BOULTER: And I'm inclined
to agree with him that 52,000
years that sort of makes sense.
But it's not just
looking at the year
that Mr. and Mrs. Poseidon
decided to commission the XYZ
Company to build this pyramid.
It's more a whole
energetic that would
have happened
during a golden age.
And it's also a worldwide
thing, that there's
pyramids all over the world.
And more and more people
are finding pyramids
by looking at Google Earth.
There's pyramids all over.
And so I think that
there was a unified field
in a time when the energetics
were far more refined,
in a way that we
can't even understand.
So in my past life
memories, we didn't talk.
We sent pictures, and we chirped
like birds to express emotion,
but we didn't need to speak
language because we already
could see each other's thoughts.
And we could send
sophisticated pictures.
So there's a lot to even this
transmutation of the atom
that we were talking
about before,
because we're made of water.
And so when the high-level
initiates reached a certain
level, they were able to
actually transmute the atom
within their body, which
lent itself to telepathy
and bilocation--
>> REGINA: Teleportation.
>> BOULTER: --teleportation,
manifestation, alchemy,
and levitation, which
is anti-gravity.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> BOULTER: And so once they
were able to plug into one,
these abilities came to them.
So I find it interesting
in shows like "Heroes"
where they each
have one ability,
but they don't all have them.
So the thing is
it's my conviction
that once the high-level
initiates were
able to step into the general
transmutation of the atom,
they were able to do
all of these things.
Now even in the Vedic texts
they talk about the siddhis--
S-I-D-D-H-I-- and those
are these abilities.
And so it's kind of
beyond our scope.
However, the ancient
Egyptians have
got all kinds of frescoes that
describe this whole thing.
So the ka is the body double.
And so sometimes
a high-level being
can split their ka
in maybe five places
and go and share dreams and
travel around and do things.
The ba is the part
of the soul that
exists whether we have
this incarnation or not.
And so the Egyptians
really understood that,
and they practiced it.
>> REGINA: They were masterful
at those projections.
>> BOULTER: That's right.
But they worked on it,
and they understood
the importance of it.
So for us in the Council
of Nicea in 323 AD,
Emperor Constantine
outlawed reincarnation.
And if you mentioned it,
you could get killed.
And so we're not
doing that anymore.
>> REGINA: No.
>> BOULTER: And so all of
these different systems have
strategically stripped us
of even the conception that
we're capable of doing this.
So then we go and look at the
ancient Egyptian material,
and we don't understand it.
But slowly we're
coming back to that
as we understand quantum physics
and various other sciences.
>> REGINA: And the study
of all subtle energies,
both in the physical body
and the exterior part.
Do you mind if we
run a little clip?
We have a clip, and
it's referring here--
we'll talk a little bit more
about technology in a minute,
but it's talking
about the pyramids
and what they were
able to produce.
I think it's John
Burke talking about it.
Let's go to that
little video clip.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> JOHN BURKE: In the
condition of the pyramids now,
stripped of those smooth
insulating outer casings,
it's going to leak electrical
air about as well as a car
radiator radiates heat.
It's almost perfectly
designed to weaken that.
And yet still you get
these reports of people,
like Siemens, who was one of
the pioneers of electricity.
He was an Englishman.
There's even a
unit of electrical,
I believe, resistance named
after him called the Siemens.
He was on top of the
Great Pyramid, I think,
during the 1880s, and they began
to notice that when his Arab
guide stood up and spread his
fingers, they'd hear a ringing,
and when he closed
them, you wouldn't.
And he stood up, and he could
sense the literal electricity
in the air.
And on the spot, he improvised
an instant laden jar,
which is one of the
earliest things they used
to use to store electric charge.
And he did it by opening a wine
bottle, wetting some newspaper,
wrapping the wet newspaper
around the glass wine bottle,
and holding the wine
bottle up above his head
until sparks started to
issue from the wine bottle.
And at that point,
his Arab guide
started accusing him of
things like witchcraft.
They got into a
physical struggle,
and he accidentally
touched one of the guides
with the charged wine bottle,
and it knocked the man
to the ground and unconscious
for a short period, after which
they took off down the pyramid.
But there was, in other words,
a professional scientist
familiar with electricity in its
rudimentary but accurate forms
sensing exactly that, even
in this ruined condition
that the pyramid's in today.
>> REGINA: Many engineers in
the know feel that we should be
taking clues from the ancients
with all they were able to do
at that period of time.
And one of the things I
wonder, as he just said,
John Burke, he was saying
that the pyramids, are still--
they're still emitting--
they can still
detect these energies,
even after they've
used dynamite to blow
portions of them up and such.
Can you talk about
that for just a moment?
>> BOULTER: Many pyramids
are dead, if you will,
some pyramids
throughout the world.
And pyramids that
were replicated
they were built in later time
periods just aren't as active.
And so John Burke talks
about the populous bringing
seeds to the temples in the
pyramids for the shamans
to charge them, and
they would actually
take them into the
pyramids, take them
to the tops of the pyramids.
And then they
compared the yields
from the crops of the
pyramids that-- from the seeds
that had been in the pyramids
and the seeds that had not,
and it was just dramatic.
>> REGINA: Oh, it
was very dramatic.
I interviewed John
a long time ago,
and we captured some
of those images.
He shared them with
us as well, and it
was shocking the
amount of growth
that those charged seeds got.
So these pyramids are
used for this purpose--
and we're going to talk about
it a little bit later on-- even
today, right?
>> BOULTER: Well, that's right.
But the shocking
part, to me, was
that some pyramids
don't work, and that's
because they weren't aligned.
And the pyramid technology
is actually quite specific.
So it's true that the Great
Pyramid has been damaged,
and it tends to be the
strongest during eclipses,
well, yes, eclipses, but
solstices and equinoxes
plus or minus six days.
And so there's something
about the alignment
of the planet and
the technology that
is relating to
the galaxy itself.
>> REGINA: And wouldn't it
also be working with the Earth
and the waters underneath?
It all goes together.
>> BOULTER: The Telluric
energies of the Earth
and the
continuity/discontinuities,
which is where ley lines meet.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> BOULTER: Yes, absolutely.
And they're connected
to other pyramids,
and they're connected to our
place in the galaxy itself.
Now if you look at the
linguistic properties
of the word for pyramid in the
ancient Suf language, which
isn't Arabic,
Per-Neter is the name
of the pyramid, which
is the house of nature.
And what's true is the pyramid
replicates things and functions
of the human body and
functions of the planet,
functions of the solar system,
and functions of the galaxy.
>> REGINA: And we're going to
get into that in just a moment.
We're going to take a
little two-minute break,
and we'll be right back.
And we'll be talking
about not just the chakras
but the glandular system and
these 360 senses that we once
possessed.
We'll be right back.
We're always talking about
our five-sense world.
And if we really
get cooking, we'll
talk about our
sixth sense, right?
Our sixth sense.
But as you have
found, we once had--
and this was a
very long time ago,
and not everybody
probably, maybe more
the initiates-- had
access to 360 senses.
Now that's beyond
our comprehension,
for the most part, as
to where we are now
in this dark age, so to speak.
Talk about these senses
and the nature of them.
>> BOULTER: Well, I
think it's synesthesia,
which is a combination between
two senses, or more than two,
and a really deep
sense of knowing.
And so, for us, knowing
in the academic sense
is getting the answer
that the teacher has.
It's not about
knowing that we know
or knowing that we
know that we know, like
a profound sense of something
being true or not true.
In our culture, if we don't
get caught, it's not wrong.
>> REGINA: Yes.
It's a pretty low
standard, by the way.
>> BOULTER: It's a
pretty low standard.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> BOULTER: And so what the
Egyptians were looking to be is
transparent.
And so they even talked
about the ceremony
of the weighing of the hearts,
which was a way that they
taught the populace
to live well.
And so the idea is if when
you passed and you dropped
your physical body, they'd
say let's have your heart,
and they would weigh it on a
scale, Maat's scale, a balance,
with the feather of truth.
And if your heart
was heavy, they
didn't want you
on the other side.
So if you'd done
something immoral
or if you'd taken from someone
or if you'd been selfish,
that was the worst
possible thing,
because then you
couldn't progress
to go into other
dimensional spheres.
So it was very important
to the ancient Egyptians
that they lived in
such a way that they
were moral and fair and
spiritual and connected
to spirit.
And so this idea that
spirit's outside of us, what
we've been taught
through religions
and we have to pay someone
to connect with ourselves,
it's just corruption.
It's a way that distracts us.
And so if someone was in
full knowing and almost
like an owl, can turn their
head all the way around,
which means you can see with the
eyes in the back of your head,
or the phone rings
and you know who
it is without looking
at the caller ID,
there's ways that we know.
And it's like a muscle.
And so if people think if you
can't see it, it's not there,
they don't cultivate
these kinds of things.
But we have the same
DNA as they had,
and that's what I think
is really important.
Now we are living
in denser times,
but as we come up upon the
galactic alignment, December
21, 2012 and the
shift, I think that we
are going to have access to
these more refined energies.
However, we perceive
things with our senses,
we think about certain
things in negative ways,
and so our perception is
saying, nope, that's not there.
And so in order to cultivate
what the ancient Egyptians
understood, we have
to be very pure.
We have to be very conscious.
Now consciousness isn't the
highest value for us at all.
Profit is.
But if consciousness
was the highest value,
think about how we would change.
If it was really important
to be aware of everything
all the time, people's motives
and how everything worked,
that changes things.
>> REGINA: And
your own thoughts.
>> BOULTER: That's right.
>> REGINA: Having diligence
to be able to audit your own
thoughts and discard
what is not working,
which isn't functional, which
would not weigh well against
the feather.
>> BOULTER: Well, exactly.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> BOULTER: Now
thought is creative.
What we talk about,
we think about.
What we think about,
we bring about.
So when people say, oh,
I'll never get that right
or, oh, one day I'm going
to kill myself doing that,
I say cancel, clear.
Because that imprint of those
words has gone into space,
and you can see people
programming themselves
for negativity.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> BOULTER: And they
get away with it.
And then negative things happen.
So as I say, we can't
afford the luxury
of a single negative thought,
because brain studies will
show the brain only
says yes, boss.
>> REGINA: That's right.
And we're looking at a
crystalline structure--
>> BOULTER: That's right.
>> REGINA: --ultimately within
our being, within our body.
A lot of people understand
crystals much better now
in the last 20 years.
We have some amethyst sitting
at the end of the table here.
But the thing about crystal
is it's an amplifier, right?
So our bodies--
our own bodies have
to be tuners and amplifiers
for whatever it is we
choose to program them with.
It's all programming, is it not?
>> BOULTER: Well, it is.
But this crystalline
matrix is something
that existed in
the Golden Age when
the energy was far more refined.
And we are apparently
coming back into that.
Now do we have any
proof that we're
coming into a
crystalline matrix?
I can tell you a little story.
>> REGINA: Please do.
>> BOULTER: Last week I went
for live blood analysis,
and red blood cells were all
really active and all that.
And they actually
found a patch where
there was effects of radiation,
which was a little bit scary.
But when she pulled out
from the blood analysis,
it almost looked like
when you look at the Earth
when it's got the lights
at night from a distance.
And she said, oh, what are
all those little crystals?
I've never seen
anything like this.
Oh, well, never mind.
Because she didn't
understand it.
But it made this incredible
beautiful pattern
of these tiny crystals
throughout my blood.
And I walked away from
that, and I thought, hey,
that may be where we're heading
and what's really going on.
>> REGINA: That's
Harvey Bigelsen's work.
>> BOULTER: Is it?
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
You need to get
together with Harvey.
Absolutely, yes.
>> BOULTER: OK.
Well, I hadn't
heard that anywhere,
but I saw it with my own eyes.
And so I think we are
restructuring in a way,
and there are people
who are waking up,
who are meditating a lot,
eating right, and changing
and allowing themselves
to expand in these senses.
And so this idea that we
can become more psychic,
that we can know things, we can
know when an appointment's not
going to happen or when
someone says, yeah, I'll do it,
we know they won't, because
they've closed their eyes
and they've shut
themselves off or they
stop breathing-- we can perceive
each other in many ways,
like when people
hold themselves--
and if you start to look at
all these different signs
that people are
giving us, we can
hear what they're not
saying, if you will.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
And so that's part of these
360 degrees-- 360 senses,
not just degrees, that
can be used 360 degrees.
And traditionally that has been
aligned more with femininity,
the right side of
the brain, this kind
of open, intuitive way.
And back in that day, we
were looking more at a
matriarchy, as you say
in predynastic Egypt
in particular.
And when there was
the feminine that
was in the lead, so to speak,
it wasn't a dominance issue,
as with the patriarchy where
the patriarchy means they rule,
the patriarchy rules.
It's a dominant theme.
But in matriarchy, as you
explain in the documentary,
it's more about
bringing forth balance
between the sacred feminine
and the sacred masculine,
as I understand it.
And could you talk
about that a little bit?
We have a lovely
graphic in that too.
>> BOULTER: Well, people think
that matriarchy is the opposite
of patriarchy, and women are
going to take over and drag
the men around by whatever.
>> REGINA: Their hair.
>> BOULTER: [LAUGHS]
Their hair, exactly.
And really what the
matriarchal cultures insisted
was on leaving more for
children and the children
respecting the elders
and protecting the Earth,
working in harmony
with everyone,
and the sacred
masculine in balance
with the sacred feminine.
So there was an
understanding that a woman
has a sacred
masculine inside her,
a man has a sacred
feminine inside him,
and that the two
sides of the brain
have to function together.
And so the idea of
the corpus callosum
that works between them
is the communication
between the two
sides of the brain.
And so the Egyptians
even had these snakes.
They would wear these
crowns, and there'd
be a serpent that
would go across the two
sides of the brain and
come out the third eye.
To me, this is brilliant,
and it's talking about that.
And when they looked at the
scarab, the top of the scarab
looks like the top of the brain.
So you've got the frontal
lobes, and then you've
got the two sides of the brain.
But in patriarchy, oh,
let's lop off the feminine.
Let's just get rid of it.
And the Bible's like, the
sacred feminine, never
mind, Mary Magdalen was
a prostitute, let's just
forget it.
And so this reading, writing,
arithmetic, what you can see
is there, and all the ways that
if it's concrete, it exists
is just a really
good way to hide.
But the other side
of the brain is
symbols and dreams and
periodicity instead
of linear time
and all the things
that bring these
secrets forward.
And so the idea
insists on a balance.
And so when you get to
the arches at the entrance
to any temple, you'll
see a winged disk.
And the wings are the
vulture, the sacred feminine,
and the snake is the
sacred masculine.
So the idea is you cannot
walk through these gates to go
into the temple without dropping
the lower self and appealing
to the higher self that
insists on a balance between
the masculine and the feminine.
That's where spiritual
work can happen.
>> REGINA: Well, and
that's what's functional.
Interestingly, I recently
interviewed Patrick Flanagan,
and when he was a young
kid, he is believed to be
and has all of the
memory of Nikola Tesla.
And so one of the areas of
information he brought forward
was the understanding of the
pyramids at a very early age.
And another one was something
called a neurophone.
And what was
interesting about that--
and I didn't put it
together until you
were saying this, what
they were doing in Egypt.
You were talking about
snake going back and forth
between the hemispheres
of the brain--
is this neurophone
is able to reduce
the synapse time
of communication
between the right and left
hemispheres of the brain.
And the net effect is a huge
expansion of consciousness
and, not only that, even IQ.
So this is something that
must be a memory of his,
first of all, to have brought
this technology forward,
but this must have
been embedded in what
was taught in those days.
>> BOULTER: Absolutely.
And the masculine
and the feminine
were trained separately,
and then they
would come together
in the Band of Peace
where the Pyramid Fields were.
And they were like the
human divining rods,
so that the cosmic
energy couldn't
come into the Telluric realm
unless the human divining
rod was there and the
opposite was true.
So the Earth energy would
go up into the cosmos,
but through the beings
of the sacred masculine
and the sacred feminine join
together in a Tantric sense.
And all of this was exercised,
and so the initiates
were trained.
And if you can imagine hundreds
or thousands of initiates
standing near the pyramids and
the sound and light technology
that would have gone on and
how each pyramid has got
a different angle, and the
position of the inner chambers
is different, and the number
of inner chambers is different.
So when they look
at the Bent Pyramid,
they say, oh,
well, the Egyptians
were just practicing
building pyramids,
and they didn't really
know what they were doing.
>> REGINA: They didn't
do anything by accident.
>> BOULTER: Exactly.
And that they
changed their mind.
And that's infantile.
The projection is that the
Egyptians were infantile
and they didn't really
know how to do it.
And there's still people
who repeat that, people
who think they're in the
alternative media and all this,
and they're still repeating
those sorts of things.
But if you can
imagine a huge wind
harp and even toning coming
out, the voices of the ancients,
and all of this
working together,
well, they used to wear
the bands-- the metal bands
on their wrists and on
their ankles, and, to me,
my understanding of
that was that they
could hold the energy.
Otherwise, they would
get electromagneticuted.
And so they would stand
very straight and tall,
and they would literally be
harnessing this energy that
was moving, and it would be
passing through their beings.
Well, they were
increasing their capacity
to tolerate this
amount of energy, which
is why, when you see
reenactments in old movies,
like "Cleopatra," they just
got us standing around.
They had no idea what
was really going on.
And once a high-level initiate
got to the Pyramid Fields,
they were there for
their whole life,
and they were in
service to humanity.
>> REGINA: Those were the
priests and priestesses.
>> BOULTER: Those were the
priests and priestesses,
and there were still farmers
and people in villages.
But the other thing was
like a huge energy machine
that was helping
the whole planet
and regulating the
energy for everyone.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
Now let's talk
about another area
which has to do
with the matriarchy.
So this was predynastic.
Once the dynasties
were established,
they moved into a period
of the patriarchy.
But then again, in
the 18th Dynasty,
which is probably best depicted
by Nefertiti and Akhenaten,
there was a resurgence
of the matriarchy,
as you state in
your documentary.
Can you give us the background
on that, what they brought in,
what that life at
Amarna was like,
and what happened to them?
And please, take some time.
>> BOULTER: Well, let's just
look a little bit before that.
We had Hatshepsut, and she
was queen in her own right,
and she became pharaoh.
And at her temple at Deir
el-Bahari outside of Luxor,
there is a whole hall
that has the story
of her being a starseed.
And so her story is that her
father's body was taken over
by a high-level being who
impregnated her mother,
and, therefore, she
was half starseed.
And so she began
with that premise.
And that's when you start seeing
the distended skulls, which
allows for a larger
pineal gland, which
allows for these greater
senses and a greater connection
with the spirit beings.
So you go down a little bit
further down the 18th Dynasty--
it's all the same dynasty-- then
there are images that I just
saw last time when I was in
Egypt at a temple of Amenhotep
II, who was Akhenaten's
grandfather.
>> REGINA: Grandfather, right.
>> BOULTER: OK?
Amenhotep III was the father.
So what we have here, if you
really start looking at it,
is people who started
remembering, the genetic code
passing down, and this
idea that we could be more.
And so these images are being
depicted on the temple walls.
So Amenhotep III, he did
some prolific building.
And even in the work that
Christoper Dunn does,
he keeps talking
about it being Ramses,
but I think it was
actually Amenhotep III who
made these statues,
and Ramses came along
and took his name
off and put his on.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>> BOULTER: That's one of the
first times when I was standing
at the Luxor Temple and I felt
like I was going to pass out,
because I'm like
that's not Ramses.
I don't know who's talking
to me, but that's not Ramses.
And so Christopher's admitted
that to me with a big smile.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> BOULTER: And so then Queen
Tiye and Amenhotep III laid
the ground.
He married--
>> REGINA: That was the mother.
>> BOULTER: That was
the mother of Akhenaten.
And he married many
wives in various lines.
And so he was a
prolific builder.
There was a lot of peace,
and all the lands were safe,
and it was a change.
And so they started
to convince Akhenaten,
and he was born Amenhotep IV.
And so Amun is the dark.
Even in the five
Egyptian cycles,
we're just coming out of Amun.
As we pass out of this
dark phase right now,
the next thing is Heper,
which is the balanced brain,
represented by the
scarab, and it means dawn.
OK?
And these are the
phases of the sun that
go through a day, a
year, and a larger cycle.
So they followed the cycles
of Sirius and various things.
So the Amun period was
darkness, shadow, very much
like the Catholic
Church, where you
had to pay half your
harvest to the temple
to ensure a proper burial
and a proper salvation.
And so they were
making people pay
and making people disempowered.
So they had a
Nilometer, and they
would show how high
the Nile went up,
and then that would say how much
grain there was going to be.
And people would
willingly give their grain
to the temple in order to ensure
their salvation, because they
were told that they
couldn't do it on their own.
And so here comes
the Amun priesthood
getting rich, becoming
more and more corrupt,
telling people they
know less and less.
And so Akhenaten and
Nefertiti said, you know what?
>> REGINA: And you had to
pay to each of the gods, too.
>> BOULTER: Yeah, yeah.
>> REGINA: Every god that they
employed, you had to pay to.
>> BOULTER: That's right.
And so when they say that
Akhenaten started the one god
and they closed the temples
and got rid of all the gods,
they didn't get rid
of all the gods.
The gods are all still there.
The gods and goddesses and
Hathor and Isis and all of them
are still there.
And so we've got this
very narrow view,
and people really have given
Akhenaten a really rough time.
But that stands to reason in
a culture of propaganda that's
trying to say don't look
over here, look over here.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> BOULTER: And it's
all very confusing,
and people go along with it
and repeat what they've seen
and what they've
read, and it's wrong.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And the reality is--
talk about the lifestyle
at that time, the
change in lifestyle,
just the beauty alone.
>> BOULTER: OK.
So one of things that
was going to happen
is every Sothic cycle the
capital of the country
moved from Thebes, which is
now Karnak, up to Heliopolis,
and this was going
to be a time when
it was incumbent upon Akhenaten
to go and make this change.
And he said, you know what?
The whole thing's
going to fall apart.
The whole thing is corrupt.
We're going to start over.
So they picked a place
called Akhetaten,
which is the rising of
the sun in the middle,
and they went on the
other side of the Nile,
and they decided
that they were going
to build a new commune,
whatever you want to call it.
And there was up to 40,000
people living there.
And what they did is they
stripped the values of the Amun
priesthood, they closed
the temples, and they said,
we are not doing this with you.
We're starting over.
And so at Amarna it was
absolutely equal, beautiful.
>> REGINA: Men and women.
>> BOULTER: Everybody
was in balance.
Everyone was happy.
If you were an artisan,
you happily did that,
and everybody had their roles.
But there was no competition.
It was all collaborative.
It was all--
>> REGINA: Peaceful?
>> BOULTER:
--cooperative, peaceful.
And we have not had peace
since then, I emphasize.
And so they had
the higher level.
They were interested
in solar energy,
so you see the hands coming
off the Aten reaching down
to people.
And they say, oh, he was
just worshipping the sun.
Oh, they were just sun--
>> REGINA: No.
He understood it
multi-dimensionally.
>> BOULTER: Yeah.
That's right.
>> REGINA: They were
utilizing it on many levels is
my understanding.
>> BOULTER: And the callousness
with which they speak of them
is just-- they say he was
disfigured and he was crazy
and deformed.
No.
He was brilliant
and enlightened,
and they lived in peace.
Well, the Amun priesthood
were just scavenging around
like ferrets trying to get
that back, and they plotted,
and they were really
trying to overthrow
Nefertiti and Akhenaten.
And in the end, they
were successful.
But King Tut, he started
out Tut-Ankh-Aten, OK?
>> REGINA: Not Tut-Ankh-Amun.
>> BOULTER: That's right.
But then they really did a
number and attacked Akhenaten
and killed him.
So when Zahi Hawass
says, oh, yeah,
we found the mummy
of-- they're going
to find the mummy of Akhenaten.
And they're showing a
skeleton, and they're
trying to prove that
Akhenaten was Tut's father--
Yeah, Tut's father and all that.
But it's just--
>> REGINA: They tried to do
the same thing with Nefertiti.
>> BOULTER: That's right.
>> REGINA: Found a little
skeleton somewhere and said
must be her.
>> BOULTER: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They went about
it the wrong way.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> BOULTER: And there's no doubt
that the person that they found
that they thought was Nefertiti
was in that high court,
probably knew her, maybe had
some beads that she had had
or seen and was from
the Amarna period.
And so what they did
in the North Palace--
and this is Queen Tiye,
Nefertiti, and the way
they had it there--
they raised Tut.
There was a shortage of boy--
>> REGINA: He was
raised in Amarna.
>> BOULTER: Yes.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> BOULTER: There was
a shortage of boys.
There was something going on
with an infertility, which
was showing up in
Hatshepsut's time as well,
which is why in a
patriarchal Egypt
she ended up being pharaoh,
and then they destroyed all
her statues, and
that's another--
>> REGINA: And Nefertiti
and Akhenaten had all girls.
>> BOULTER: And
they had all girls.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> BOULTER: And so in
my past life memories,
the birthing pools
were blood baths,
and the boys didn't last
and they didn't live.
So they knew that
Tut as a young boy
was going to be one of
the only chances they had.
And if the Amun priesthood
took over again,
he needed to look like
he understood both.
So he was trained
to walk both paths.
And so when they found out that
he was actually of the Aten,
they just knocked him off.
However, they took
furniture from Amarna,
they went to the
Valley of the Kings,
and there was a small
cache of mummies.
They put those somewhere else--
they just threw them away--
and they loaded up all this
furniture from the Amarna
period and from Amarna
and buried Tut there,
covered in blue lotus
flowers, and left.
And then the Amun priesthood
marched around and took over
again, and it wasn't even
royal lineage anymore,
Horemheb, Smenkhkare.
And in those times, they had
to follow the matrilineal line.
So the next pharaoh
always had to marry
the daughter of the
pharaoh before them.
So Meritaten--
>> REGINA: Meritaten, yes.
>> BOULTER:
--married Smenkhkare,
and then the army general
took over and the vizier.
And then it was all
just totally corrupt.
And so even now they say
this is the tomb of Horemheb.
No.
Horemheb stole that tomb.
>> REGINA: But it sounds
like it really descended then
into the dark age.
>> BOULTER: Oh, you bet.
>> REGINA: There was an attempt
in the 18th Dynasty to bring
back not just the
matriarchy, but do away with
the corruption, the petty gods
and corruption that were going
on at the time.
>> BOULTER: That's right.
And the Amun priesthood
ended up taking over again,
and we are in the Amun period.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> BOULTER: And so
when people say Amen,
I don't, because
that's the same thing.
We are still indoctrinated
in this idea.
And a lot of Catholicism,
even Jesus sitting
on the lap of Mary
and all of that,
that's Isis and Osiris and
Hathor-- sorry, and Horus.
And we've copied a lot of this.
And the idea that you have to
sell your soul for salvation
and pay the priests and all that
and that you're disempowered,
they took over again.
And then people say, oh, they
finally got rid of Akhenaten
and went back to the
way it should be.
Propaganda.
And it's worked.
>> REGINA: That's never
made sense to me, never,
not for a moment.
It feels wrong in my bones.
>> BOULTER: That's right.
And that's the senses.
So if we take you
from 360 senses to 5
and we repeat, repeat,
repeat, repeat, and this book
and that book and
all the books say it,
then you're going to
believe it, right?
But not if you're a reincarnate
of a high-level initiate.
You just can't believe it.
And I say we have
cosmic appointments
to find each other.
>> REGINA: Yes.
I agree with that.
Let's talk about
what's happening now.
Thank you for finishing
it off on that note.
We know what we've
gone through since then
and what we're finding
our way back to.
And part of what's expressing
itself is incredible pyramid
technology around the
planet, but probably
none more spectacular than
what you have experienced
with Valery in-- it's
Siberia, isn't it?
Tunguska-- is it in Siberia?
Yes.
Let's talk about
the new pyramid.
>> BOULTER: OK.
Well, even Siberia--
it's supposed
to be the armpit of the
planet and all that--
and we don't realize
what's going on in Russia.
>> REGINA: Lots.
>> BOULTER: Lots.
And so there is a
functional new pyramid
that has been complete in
the last few months, two
months maybe, with
a crystal capstone
and with casing
stones, and it was
built according to the
original technology.
And a lot of the construction
is hidden within.
And so when you look at the
solid parts of the pyramid,
you don't know what's inside.
And so what I know
from what he's shown me
is that the pyramid started
with an eight-sided structure.
>> REGINA: A bagwa.
>> BOULTER: Yes.
And then there is a template
for four-inch spirals
that look like the galaxy that
are made out of crushed quartz
polymer, one white, one
black, one white, one black.
And then they've got
a 11, 12-foot-- you
can see these pictures
on my website-- crystal,
which is a channeling crystal,
an Isis crystal with three,
seven, three, seven
sides all the way around.
And at the base, there's
an inverted pyramid,
but it's only slightly inverted.
And the idea is when the
stones-- if there was an Earth
disturbance, the
stones would start
to shake themselves tighter.
And so they poured those stones,
according to Joseph Davidovits.
Excuse me.
Pardon.
So they crushed quartz, they
mixed it with a polymer,
they put it into
frames, and then
they rang them while they were
curing with nine-foot tuning
forks.
It's incredible.
>> REGINA: I can't even fathom
what it must feel like to be
inside there.
You've been in there.
>> BOULTER: Well,
not in the pyramid,
but they use the same
technology in this crystal spa--
>> REGINA: OK, yes.
All right.
>> BOULTER: --and they put
the spirals in the walls--
>> REGINA: OK.
>> BOULTER: --and much,
much more than that.
And when I stepped
into this building,
I felt like I was standing
in the Great Pyramid.
They've replicated all
the sound resonance.
So in this pyramid, there's
three chambers, one red,
one white, one black.
And the red one is the
chamber of oracles.
And so there's a fountain inside
it where the water comes up
and an 108-kilo crystal ball--
>> REGINA: Oh my gosh.
>> BOULTER: --that
spins on the water.
There's another chamber that
has this huge bell that's
like eight feet tall.
And so everything's about
resonance, and it's incredible.
And inside where there would
be what you would think
was blank is pyramid,
inverted pyramid, pyramid,
inverted pyramid.
And so it's all built
into the structure.
And the spiral's almost like
a labyrinth, but it isn't.
It's replicating the
arms of the galaxy.
And that's where this
special energy comes from.
So then they made
another polymer,
and they actually poured
the casing stones.
And again, you can see the
pyramid from miles away,
and they put a quartz
crystal capstone on it.
And so people are having
spontaneous healings.
But let me tell you what I think
the most significant part is
is the people who funded the
$5 million for the pyramid
are a produce company.
And they wanted a
place-- they were looking
for a warehouse that was going
to energize the food before it
went on the trucks.
>> REGINA: That sounds kind of
like John Burke and charging
seeds and all that.
>> BOULTER: And to
feed the people.
But never mind GMO
foods-- and they've
got a strict policy,
no GMO anywhere,
and they're trying
to help the people.
And the spa is actually a
club that politicians can join
and Putin is part
of, and they're
wanting to heal the politicians,
open them to true spirituality.
>> REGINA: Higher
conscious, yeah.
>> BOULTER: They're all
talking about UFO disclosure,
and Valery himself is one of
the supreme something council
of the UFO advisers
to the government.
>> REGINA: Well, you've got to
wonder where this technology
came from.
But go ahead.
>> BOULTER: Well, and people are
educated, and they're peaceful.
And when I came back from
Russia, people were saying,
oh, the KGB's just
hanging around the corner.
You didn't see them.
Oh, they're all
corrupt over there.
Well, you haven't even been.
You haven't seen it.
Everything is
fantastic and gorgeous,
and it just goes on and on.
And so that's the kind of
thing that they're doing.
>> REGINA: I want to go there.
I'm sure everybody
listening wants to go there.
This is just amazing,
and I've been listening
to it-- listening about its
progress for quite a long time
now.
We only have about
a minute left.
I want to ask you, your
new series that you're
going to be doing,
your new documentary
series on the new
Atlantis, just give us
the elevator pitch on it.
>> BOULTER: Well,
it's nine pyramids.
So the center pyramid
has been built.
There is concentric
circles of four pyramids
and four outside of that.
And what it is is a new
technology, new everything,
education-- alternative
education, alternative media,
alternative everything,
going into this place.
It will have a hotel.
It's a training center.
And this is the philosophy
of why it's there.
They've got bee keeping.
So it's almost like
the salvation--
>> REGINA: Bee
keeping, that's huge.
Siberia's big.
>> BOULTER: Yeah.
It's salvation of
everything that's wrong.
And they're not gonna do it.
They're already doing it.
>> REGINA: That is so exciting.
Really, again, we have to get
over our Cold-War-era mentality
in the West about what's
going on in Russia.
They really have made, over
the last several decades, made
some of the most profound
leaps scientifically and
technology-wise.
So now they're doing it, and
when will we all be invited in?
>> BOULTER: Talk to me later.
>> REGINA: Oh, boy.
OK.
All right.
Very good.
Well, Carmen, thank you so much.
It's just been wonderful
sitting with you.
And yeah, who knows?
Maybe I'll join you
on one of those, OK?
>> BOULTER: Good.
Thank you.
>> REGINA: Meanwhile, Carmen's
new documentary series called
"The New Atlantis" will
be coming out next year,
at which time we are definitely
going to have her back
in the studio with us.
Meanwhile, you can learn more
about the new pyramid project
in Russia on her
website, pyramidcode.com.
In addition, you can pick up
this wonderfully compelling DVD
set you've seen just a
little excerpt or two from.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here at Gaiam TV.